Formatting internal documentation and adding table of contents (#2013)
fission/fission: Documentation/Architecture.md

All fission resources are stored in Kubernetes CRDs.
It needs to be able to talk to Kubernetes API service.

### Executor

The executor has two simple APIs; the router calls both these endpoints.

- GetFunctionService takes function metadata and dispatches the corresponding executor type to get the address of a service/pod and returns it to the router.
- TapService lets executor know a service/pod is being used; if it's not called for a few minutes the pod(s) backing the service are killed.

It now supports two different executor types:

- PoolManager
- NewDeploy

These two executor types have different strategies to launch, specialize, and manage pod(s).
You should choose one of the executor types wisely based on the scenario.

#### PoolManager

PoolManager manages pools of generic containers and function containers.

PoolManager watches the environment CRD changes and eagerly creates generic pools for environments.
It uses Kubernetes deployments to do that.
The environment container runs in a pod with the 'fetcher' container.
Fetcher is a straightforward utility that downloads a URL sent to it and saves it at a configured location (shared volume).

> The implementation chooses a generic pod from the pool, relabels it to "orphan".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The implementation chooses a generic pod from the pool, relabels it by adding `functionName` label and `managed=false` label.
```

The pod from the deployment invokes fetcher to copy the function into the pod and hits the specialize endpoint on the environment container.
This causes the function to be loaded.
The pod is now specific to that function.
This function pod is cached; it's cleaned up if it's unused for a few minutes.

PoolManager selects a generic pod from the warm pool, specializes it, and recycles the pod if there are no further requests to the function after a few minutes.
It makes PoolManager suitable for functions that are short-living and requires a short cold start time [1].

> However, PoolManager only selects one pod per function, which is not suitable for serving massive traffic.

Reviewer: This is not 100% true with RPP. Also Concurrency feature adds some more scenarios, but may be for some other PR

### Logger

Logger is deployed as DaemonSet to help to forward function logs to a centralized database service for log persistence. Currently, only InfluxDB is supported to store logs.

Following is a diagram describe how log service works:

1. Logger watches pod changes and creates a symlink to the container log if the pod runs on the same node.
2. Fluentd reads logs from symlink and pipes them to InfluxDB
3. `fission function logs ...` retrieve event logs from InfluxDB with optional log filter
4. Logger removes the symlink if the pod no longer exists.

### Kubewatcher

Kubewatcher watches the Kubernetes API and invokes functions associated with watches, sending the watch event to the function.

The controller keeps track of the user's requested watches and associated functions.
Kubewatcher watches the API based on these requests; when a watch event occurs, it serializes the object and calls the function via the router.

While a few simple retries are done, there isn't yet a reliable message bus between Kubewatcher and the function. Work for this is tracked in issue #64.

> ### Message Queue Trigger

Reviewer 2: Can we also add about KEDA in this section?
